bpo-38691 Added a switch to ignore PYTHONCASEOK when -E or -I flags passed (#18314)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.9.rst

* The :mod:`venv` activation scripts no longer special-case when
  ``__VENV_PROMPT__`` is set to ``""``.

> * The :mod:`importlib` module now ignore the :envvar:`PYTHONCASEOK`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :mod:`importlib` module now ignores the :envvar:`PYTHONCASEOK`
```

Reviewer: > I have made the requested changes; please review again

Well, you didn't update this one. English is not my first language, so I'm not sure, but it should be "The module ignoreS" here, no? with an S.

Reviewer 2: Yep, you're right regarding the English grammar here, @vstinner.

>   environment variable when :option:`-E` or :option:`-I` command line option is used.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion for better English:

```suggestion
  environment variable when the :option:`-E` or :option:`-I` command line options
  are used.
```
